Added ALT Tags for manage/in-product-notices.rst (#5612)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/in-product-notices.rst

Administrator notices inform System Admins when a new server version is available, when external dependencies are being deprecated, or when server upgrades are recommended due to ending support life cycles. System Admins may also receive notices about recommended server configuration options to optimize the user experience of their deployment.

.. image:: ../images/notices_admin.png

>    :alt: Administrator notices inform System Admins when a new server version is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: An example of an announcement banner displayed in Mattermost Channels notifying all users that the system will be going down for maintenance later that evening. System Admins enable the banner and customize the text to display, as well as configure whether or not users can dismiss the banner.
```

End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements and when new desktop versions are available. They can be disabled in **System Console > Notices**.

.. image:: ../images/notices.png

>    :alt: End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements and when new desktop versions are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: An example of an end user in-product notice announcing that a new Mattermost Desktop App version is available. End user notices announce when new features and versions are available, and can be disabled.
```

When these notices are triggered, System Admins receive a bot message notification and, for larger instances, a dismissable daily banner with quick access to contact support. The notices are triggered based on usage such as the number of registered users, posts, or channels in your deployment reaching a predefined threshold.

.. image:: ../images/mattermost_admin_advisor_banner.png

>    :alt: Admin Advisor notices are triggered based on usage such as the number of registered users, posts, or channels in your deployment reaching a predefined threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: An example of an Admin Advisor notice. Admin Advisor notices provide guidance as your deployment scales in size. Admin Advisor notices are disabled from Mattermost v5.35.
```

.. image:: ../images/mattermost_admin_advisor_bot.png

>    :alt: System Admins receive a bot message notification and, for larger instances, a dismissable daily banner with quick access to contact support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: An example of an Admin Advisor notice that includes an option for System Admins to contact Mattermost Support. Admin Advisor notices are disabled from Mattermost v5.35.
```
